### 不可变序列 (immutable sequence)

An object of an immutable sequence type cannot change once it is created.

*   Strings
*   Tuples
*   Bytes

---

### 文字列 I

<ul>
    <li>A string is a sequence of values that represent Unicode code points.</li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">Python doesn’t have a char type; instead, every code point in the string is represented as a string object with length 1.</li>
</ul>

---

### 文字列 II

<ul>
    <li>The built-in function `ord()` converts a code point from its string form to an integer in the range 0 - 10FFFF.</li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">The built-in function `chr()` converts an integer in the range 0 - 10FFFF to the corresponding length 1 string object.</li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">str.encode() can be used to convert a str to bytes using the given text encoding.</li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">and bytes.decode() can be used to achieve the opposite.</li>
</ul>

---

### 最速文字列作成

<span class="fragment fade-in">
''.join(["some", "parts", "and", "others"])
</span>

---

### タプル

<ul>
    <li>The items of a tuple are arbitrary Python objects.</li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">Tuples of two or more items are formed by comma-separated lists of expressions. </li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">A tuple of one item (a ‘singleton’) can be formed by affixing a comma to an expression (an expression by itself does not create a tuple, since parentheses must be usable for grouping of expressions). </li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">An empty tuple can be formed by an empty pair of parentheses.</li>
</ul>

---

### Bytes

<ul>
    <li>A sequence of 8-bit bytes.</li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">represented by integers in the range 0 <= x < 256.</li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">Bytes literals (like b'abc') and the built-in `bytes()` constructor can be used to create bytes objects. </li>
    <li class="fragment fade-in">Also, bytes objects can be decoded to strings via the decode() method.</li>
</ul>
